Feature/adding log export tutorial (#223)
ausaccessfed/dev-portal: docs/_log-into-federation-manager/04-using-the-api.md

---
title: Using API
order: 4
duration: 1
last_updated: 15 April, 2026
---

> - At the moment the API is feature gated, if you would like access please email <mailto:support@aaf.edu.au>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the moment the API is not generally available, if you would like access please email <mailto:support@aaf.edu.au>
```
